[CLOUDGA-20540][CLOUDGA-19943] Get CLI ready for asymmetric geo prod GA (#223)
yugabyte/ybm-cli: docs/ybm_cluster_create.md

                                       	If specified, all parameters for that provider are mandatory.
      --fault-tolerance string         [OPTIONAL] The fault tolerance domain of the cluster. The possible values are NONE, NODE, ZONE and REGION. Default NONE.
      --num-faults-to-tolerate int32   [OPTIONAL] The number of domain faults to tolerate for the level specified. The possible values are 0 for NONE, 1 for ZONE and [1-3] for anything else. Defaults to 0 for NONE, 1 otherwise.

>       --region-info stringArray        Region information for the cluster. Please provide key value pairs region=<region-name>,num-nodes=<number-of-nodes>,vpc=<vpc-name>,num-cores=<num-cores>,disk-size-gb=<disk-size-gb>,disk-iops=<disk-iops> as the value. Region, num-nodes, num-cores, disk-size-gb are mandatory while disk-iops (AWS only) and vpc are optional. Information about multiple regions can be specified by using multiple --region-info arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --region-info stringArray        Region information for the cluster, provided as key-value pairs. Arguments are region=<region-name>,num-nodes=<number-of-nodes>,vpc=<vpc-name>,num-cores=<num-cores>,disk-size-gb=<disk-size-gb>,disk-iops=<disk-iops> (AWS only). region, num-nodes, num-cores, disk-size-gb are required. Specify one `--region-info` flag for each region in the cluster.
```
